Hi, how are you?
that find me again on the top
as traders a new video in this
price I will give you some tips that
I hope you can use them to buy comment and
tombs on youtube money render more like this
that we started with the arrival of new
titles to our country is a consumer
we see ourselves in several dilemmas like that
quinteros buy since not all
we have the purchasing power to
buy all the comics that we like
so that gives us three options
one to get an employee all that you
help meet your needs two of
illicitly get money for
buy all the titles you like
interest to finish watching this video that
reflections on well before
start if good well identify without
class of consumers since we have
who bought a correct both for
the cover as for the writers
by the company or simply because
you're a fan of that character so a
once you identify what kind of
Buyers
yes
before buying a comment to read
internet reviews on the internet you can
find hundreds of reviews that you
they help a lot to buy a good
material and do not waste your money here
in the top as we always try to make them
of article reviews that ask us
so I know our page and see that
it suits you two to check the prices
normally companies give a list
of the price of about the titles that
they handle so more and less you give yourself a
idea of what you are going to spend
weekly or monthly so that it does not
you stay without your bus started preferred
try to buy in stores
specialized in eating I know it is
quite complicated for many people
who do not live in the df or live in
provinces but they must consider the
next if they buy it in positions of
newspapers and I do not say that all the
most people use them they use comics as if
they were hanging clothes with
tweezers and that obviously mistreats the
product besides they are exposed
in the sun and as you know the sun deteriorates
much the ink of the comic and obviously
reduces the quality of life of your korrika
4 as an additional expense I suggest
who buy protective bags to eat
and cartons
if you do not know more or less how it consists
this process of taking care of your comics is
natural spiral recently made a video
about how all the so do you
I recommend that the checks and if not here
I'll leave the link for you to visit
well now I will tell you how I handle my
finances regarding that I buy them
regarding the television publisher that
handles barber comics and says comics well
that this is what I consume from marvel
well of marvel we have a catalog
quite broad however I bought myself
assurance darius spider-man from beige
in spider man the captain america thor
of the last line I buy absolutely
both in forgiveness medicine
both of ultimate spider-man and of
ultimate
so these are the safe purchases
in addition to the weekly special that is in
this month in a channel also ours and
consume it well from dizzy comics mexico
we have a slightly reduced catalog
but I buy batman a woman and green
lantern okay now that we have these
data my safe purchases of both
companies are by marvel
spiderman both titles both the
medicine as the ultimate marvel are my
shopping figures are purchases that I know
that after a month I have to buy them their
numbers I can lose for nothing and davis and
comics is just something human like that
that since I have since we have to it is
identified we can do
balance so to speak of how much you're going
to spend per month
and the possibilities that you have to
find certain titles to finalize
I would like to comment on what aspects
consider you to buy a comic
both the material the covers
the writers the companies and so on
simply by adding them I have to
we all have different tastes their
magnificent these is simply a
example of how I handle myself for
so buy a comic
I hope you serve them and well this is
practically everything well I am an angel
revenge and I do not leave without first sending you
Greetings to a dear friend of
Jennifer in denim
I love you very much and I hope that you
very good and thanks for reading my videos
so well they have done this they know that
of angel revenge and I hope to see you in the
next the verbs